[docs] Replace generated docs + some style changes + update (#296)
membraneframework/video_compositor: docs/pages/api/routes.md

### Update scene

```typescript
type UpdateScene = {
  type: "update_scene";
  outputs: OutputScene[];
}

type OutputScene = {
    output_id: string;
    root: Component;
}
```

- `outputs` - List of outputs. Identifies what should be rendered for each RTP output streams.
  - `outputs[].output_id` - Id of an already registered output stream. See [`RegisterOutputStream`](./routes#register-output-stream).
  - `outputs[].root` - Root of a component tree that should be rendered for the output. [Learn more](../concept/component)

***

### Register input stream

```typescript
type RegisterInputStream = {
  type: "register";
  entity_type: "input_stream";
  input_id: string;
  port: u16 | string;
}
```

Register a new RTP input stream.

- `input_id` - An identifier for the input stream. It can be used in the [`InputStream`](./components/InputStream) component to render the stream content.

> - `port` - UDP port or port range that the compositor should listen for stream. Integer value between 1 and 65535 representing specific port or
>   string in the `START:END` format for a port range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `port` - UDP port or port range on which compositor should listen for the stream. Integer value between 1 and 65535 representing specific port or
  string in the `START:END` format for a port range.
```
